hi my name's anna lawson i'm food and
reviews writer at bbc good food
which means it's my job to test a lot of
products including new food and drinks
and equipment like blenders chopping
boards
knives box graters you name it i've
probably tried it so today i'm going to
be testing
charcuterie hampers so hampers and gift
boxes of cured meats
on the cheaper end of the spectrum it's
a gift bag from great glen charcuterie
and it's 25 pounds
the one in the middle is a gourmet
charcuterie selection from british fine
foods it's 40 pounds
and then this one is the artisan
charcuterie lovers box in an
extra large so it's 89.95 plus
if you want to have this hamper you pay
an extra 12 pound 50. so i'm just going
to put these ones down and start off
with the 25 pounds one from great glenn
charcuterie see what's inside
so this is the 25 pound box um
it's the only one that didn't need to be
put in the fridge so all the products
are ambient
means it's quite good if you're sending
it to someone as a gift ahead of time
cool so this one comes in like a little
nice hessian bag
like that which i think is cute so it
comes with a little booklet
so what have we got a chili venison
chorizo
we've got a venison and pork chorizo
and a venison chorizo and then
i've got pork and venison salami with
black peppers which looks delicious
venison salami with white peppers and
mustard seeds
i mean all of this looks delicious to me
and venison salami
with green peppercorns of course i'm
really excited to try these i think
we'll start with something sliced
i do like spice i'm going to go for the
chili venison chorizo
just going to slice through there
oh it smells really garlicky
hmm that's really good
i'm sure you could cook with this as
well
it's really nice like some chorizo's a
bit hard
and sort of bristly but that's super
super soft and it's got a nice chilly
kick
really delicious that i'm going to try
with the sliced ones now
i feel i'm going to go for venison
salami with green peppercorns
because that sounds delicious
and it won a great taste award in 2017
so it's really nicely sliced
um
i really like that it's very rich
the venison makes it taste rich
really nice peppery flavor from the
green peppercorns
really nice texture i really like that
and i think all of this is actually
really good value for money because
in each one you get a pretty hefty
amount of slices
so to be honest i'm really impressed
with this at the moment but i'll move on
to the next one
so the next one the mid-range is 40
pounds it's called the gourmet
charcuterie selection and it's from
british fine foods comes in a nice box
with a bow
there we go cool so this one
has some contents that need
refrigerating
so that's what you get in that one
so this 40 pound mid-range one we've got
in it we do actually have two
of the same products from great glenn so
i won't try those again they're included
in things this is a mixed box of
charcute from different places
so we've got the venison salami and a
venison chorizo
and then we've also got this wild fennel
um
saucy song
and then we've got sliced smoked dark
breath that sounds really interesting
and then we've got a paprika loin
so this is from moon's green charcuterie
so this one's more of a mix where you
get different charcuteries from
different places across
the country so i'm gonna go for this one
which is a wild fennel
saucy song it's basically like french
um cured meat cured sausage
cool so again like nice slices a bit
more
coarse than the last ones and these ones
have got little nibs of fennel
seeds in which is going to be delicious
because pork and fennel is just an
amazing
combination
it is really good so this is from moon's
green charcuterie
yeah salty
a bit garlicky
nice flavor from the fennel seeds which
really works with the pork that's really
good
i'd happily put that out as a
charcuterie option for guests if i was
having people around so this one
sounds really interesting it's from
wheeled smokery and
it's um sliced smoked duck breast
i don't think i've ever actually had
anything like this before
i don't actually usually love dark so
this will be
a good test so it looks very sort of
almost like ham like proper ham like
okay yeah so it's like a lot more the
texture of like cooked meat
definitely has a smoked a smoked flavor
it's more like um
like cooked ham and that you might have
in a sandwich or something
rather than eating it as charcuterie so
yeah i mean
it's not my favorite but it is
definitely
more interesting and a little bit
different to other things that you would
usually get in a charcuterie set
so i think if someone was like a real
meat lover and wanted a real good
variation then this is a nice
set of products so i'm just going to
pack these away and then
open the big final hamper cool so this
is the last one
the big one so it's going to be 89 95 so
we're expecting there to be quite a lot
in here
and also it's extra 12 pounds if you
want this lovely
hamper wicker hamper which might make it
good for a gift
i'm going to open it up and again this
one has products in which you need to
keep in the fridge so
if you are sending it as a gift it's
something you need to bear in mind
so it's from the great british
charcuterie company
i'm going to turn it around but you
can't see everything because
there's layers so once i
take all this out
if i lift it up there you've got a few
meets here
so we've got mangalitsuham
akari salami might not be pronouncing
that right but hopefully i am
uh yorkshire ham smoked wild venison
and then we've got beer sticks
plum port that looks like it doesn't say
what it is just looks like a
filled sausage um
a cornish seaweed insider
looks like a salami and then we've got
a cornish chili chorizo and then we've
got
oh yorkshire and do yeah
and we've got balsamic caramelized onion
chutney
some crackers which are beet root potato
and spinach
and then a jar of duck riet so there's
a really good selection of things here
very excited to um
tuck into them so these are quite
interesting i'm intrigued by these beer
sticks
which is british pork leg and then
they've been cured in like spices
chili salt
i guess the idea is that you have them
alongside a beer
so they're kind of like hard i feel i'm
not gonna be able to
chew that maybe i'll cut into it
so that's like
hard and chewy really good flavor though
garlicky salty tastes a bit like a truth
though but
harder more of a snacking sausage
so maybe try one of these sliced
sliced ones i'm going to go for the
mango little ham
so this is the mangal it's a ham
nice slices
really nice and salty okay so there's a
bit of like a firmer texture
than some of the others it's not it's
not slimy or anything it's got good bite
really nice and salty like proper makes
you want to drink
i'm going to try the crackers because i
think
[Applause]
it's nice that this set because it's
more expensive comes with
other things that go with the
charcuterie so you've got a nice little
chutney here so this is a balsamic
caramelized onion chutney from the
snowdonia cheese company
yep smells oniony
yeah i mean it's quite sweet
and oniony but again the sweetness will
work well because
the meat's so salty so i think that's a
nice accompaniment
and then the crackers are beetroot
potato
and spinach crackers so that's
[Applause]
sounds interesting i don't know if maybe
i would have preferred a plain cracker
than these beetroot ones but maybe
actually the sweetness of the beetroot
will work against the saltiness of the
meat
yeah i reckon that's the case so let's
try another meat with the cracker
so i'm gonna open this yorkshire ham
so it's nice
it's like that nice kind of palm ham
like texture
it's quite similar
yeah so these crackers are quite
interesting
i'm not sure massively how i feel about
them but it is nice
that it's slightly sweet from the
beetroot which does work well with the
salty meat
this this has a little bit of a
smokiness to it as well which i like
okay so i'm going to pack this back away
into its box and then get the others up
and see what we think about all of them
okay so i've got all three of the
charcuterie sets in front of me here
um not gonna lie i don't know how to
decide on this one because i think
they've all got
uh positive things about them so this
one i'm gonna start with the fact that i
really really like how it just comes in
a cute little bag
it's only 25 pounds and the meat inside
is really delicious
um it's mostly venison products the
great glenn charcuterie one so
you have to like a little bit of a
richer meaty flavor which the venison is
but it's
but there are also a few mixed products
of pork and venison and it's all really
really well flavored lots of nice chunky
peppercorns in the salami
and you get both sliced salami and ones
to slice yourself
this one there's more variation it's
quite a big box considering you only get
so you get roughly the same amount of
products in this one as that one
but there is it is more varied so you've
got like the smoked duck breast
you've got venison products and pork
products this was a real
highlight the fennel saucy song really
liked that
then here it's much much more expensive
at 89 pounds 95
plus 1250 if you want the wicker hamper
but you get loads so you get loads of
different sliced
hams and salamis you get snacking meat
you get loads of proper 3000 salamis and
a duck riet which is like a coarse pate
and you've got crackers chutney and
anduiya so you get this is obviously got
the best range
and because of the hamper situation it
is the most giftable
so if you like if you want to give a
gift to someone who really really loves
me and charcuterie this probably would
be
the best one this is probably my
favorite
and then i think maybe this one just
because it's really good value for money
and i really like the venison products
but there are a few gems in here too so
that was really fun tasting all this
charcuterie
and make sure you tune in next time when
i'll be unboxing something else